all right everyone how's it going Jesus
want to be one here and now welcome to a
Minecraft video um we're gonna be doing
a video just to show the performance of
my new graphics card the GTX 760 what
this is called is called smash basically
it's like Super Smash Brothers where you
have to try to knock the other people
off the side of the map and so as you
can see here what is the FPS but it's
that one oh no I'm getting 240 FPS while
recording right if you say so myself I
would say that's a lot um this graphics
card I have uh but I've done a
battlefield video on it I got it
yesterday and it is it is absolutely
amazing
I've overclocked about 60 megahertz and
it is absolutely destroyed any game that
I throw at it um why am i flying right
now
stupid minecraft leg that super leg it's
like connection like though but anyways
back to the card the card
it runs super super cool if you think
about getting it I would get it um it is
No oh he killed me god oh man
so I'm not gonna do good in the game
pegs I'm trying to concentrate um I can
take the FPS away here I actually have
fraps to walk it at 80 FPS and I believe
that's what I'm doing there at the end
don't know why I was keeping it at 250
keeps minecraft at about 300 using elses
time and this is a thousand person
server like there thousand people on
here not like this exact game that I'm
in now but altogether there are I need
to find a weapons like you know so I can
start hitting these people off because
that's what you do you get weapons up
with his let's take a little eggs
doesn't really do much brings out a
monster some kind of monster she brought
a big creeper she'll blow us up but
anyways I bought this graphics card I
bought the MSI flint frozen version it
was 260 dollars yeah that ms I wanted
$260 and I'm loving every single bit of
it I'm loving it that much that I'm
getting a second more for my birthday
good old jelly time with two cards
because with one I mean I don't even
imagine I mostly wanted cuz I
battlefield 4 comes out and whoa
press the left shift to dismount oh wow
I just die just get him die just knock
him off the map I'm a boss yes alright
it's me against the sell Janna lagging
this is crazy like connection like but
anyways this video was mostly to say for
anyone who is deciding on getting this
card just get it I know minecraft isn't
really a tester for it but a lot of
people will do play this game and so I
thought I'd hoped no just in case anyone
wants to see is uh is this kid so and he
is so where'd he go
there he is oh he's playing okay it's
just that like oh wow
they're gonna oh my god he got me why
did he get me uh I said one more like I
can do this I'm just kidding I can't
actually do this if there wasn't the
amount of lag if there wasn't not like
the connection of this server can be
pretty bad because because of how many
people are in here look at this 300 FPS
look at that 316 BAM beautiful card oh I
just killed myself I just want it for
this kid screw me but guys that was it I
just want to show off the card I hope
you did enjoy the video if you did
please give it a like subscribe for more
and I will see beautiful people later
they